Life after the War 2 Hack?

For your information, there was a War 2 cheat program released on
June 21 of this year. What most people don't know is such programs
have been around for years. What made this program different was that
it was released to the public. I'm sure there were plenty of other
cheat programs out there but the people who made them were smart enough
to not to let anyone know they had them :)<P>

About a year ago, I found out about a program that could give you
all the wood and lumber you wanted. I was given this secret by 
Jonny* on his last day on the internet. He found out about the program
from a friend of his.<P>

For a year I kept the secret that I knew could destroy war2. Now that
was major power. I knew at any time I wanted to, I could simply
put that program on my page and War 2 would die. Now it might not die
out entirely, but it sure would ruin it for most people.<P>
After I saw what happened to Shaft, I'm sure glad I didn't. It would
be life over for me :)<P>

But what did actually happen after the War 2 hack was released? I have
heard of a few people out there playing on St Louis and the Warcraft Server
that have got hit by it, but over all very few people I know have actually
had it used on them. Now this is largely due to the fact that we usually
only play people we know. But still that's pretty amazing. I figured
that I would see that stuff going on every game. But really I haven't.
<P>

Why? Who knows. Maybe not that many people got the program. Maybe it's
the fact that the program is so obvious. Just maybe the War 2 players
out there are a little more respectible than I gave them credit.
<P>

What happened with Diablo? Well 2 weeks into the game it never recovered.
Patch after patch was released and it seemed that the cheat programs
followed right after the patches. Man I couldn't even believe how it
was on Bnet chat. 90% or more of the people it seemed used it. Various
people conducted surveys and came up with the same results. So
naturally I expected the same from War 2.<P>

What if it's just the difference between Kali Users and Bnet users?
Bnet is free. Therefor the quality of it is very low. When you're not
paying for stuff, you really don't care if you screw it up :) Just
look at Kahn. You will see some really low quality of people on there.
As Warp and Gotcha used to say: "Kahn is a lower quality of *people*."
Maybe Kali people since they paid $20 act a little bit better than
those freebies on Bnet.<P>

Maybe it's somehow related to the cheat itself. The cheat really isn't
TOO useful. It it pretty obvious I think in it's use. What would have
happened if that lumber or gold cheat got out? You would have been
able to play and not had anyone really know if you used it or not. That
woulda ruined War 2 for sure. What if you made just one more peon
at key points at the game. I'm sure the stats would really not show
if they used the cheat or not.<P>

Blizzard announced, (although not officially, they never do), that
they are working on a patch for War 2. So hopefully, this trouble
will all go away.<P>

So will War 2 live? Yeah. War 2 is going on strong where I'm at. People
play games all day long still. I really don't know even one person
that quit War 2 because of that cheat program. It seems War 2
is able to survive the War 2 Hack.<P>

P.S. Don't my Articles just follow no pattern or form of logic? :)<P>

Shlonglor
